feat(storage): add gRPC storage backend (#2824)
openfga/openfga: cmd/grpc-storage-server/README.md

# gRPC Storage Server

> A standalone gRPC storage server backed by PostgreSQL. This server exposes the OpenFGA datastore interface over gRPC, which can be used to test the gRPC datastore client implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A standalone gRPC storage server backed by PostgreSQL, MYSQL or SQLite. This server exposes the OpenFGA datastore interface over gRPC, and can be used to test the gRPC datastore client implementation.
```

Author: Right now, it only supports PostgreSQL. It can easily be extended to support other DB's by just adding some command line arguments and some minimal code changes, but wanted the README to be accurate as of the current state of the world.
